I have dealt with the Mei sister fish.
Good idea.
But let's offend another village this time
I'm afraid these days are not going to be easy
Zhang Feng, do you want to pack up and go first?
What's the matter, Sister Mei?
You are afraid
What am I afraid of?
I am a widow who has overcome a broken palm
If they really want to kill me
Then kill it
One hundred and one
Sister, I don't know how to comfort you
Don't belittle yourself
You care too much about what other people think.
In fact, the so-called severed palm
It has nothing to do with customer service.
That's all folk talk
Look at this palm print
One is the wisdom line.
One is the emotional line.
These two lines merge into one
It's called a severed palm.
In fact, a severed palm means that you are very subjective
Reluctance to listen to other people's opinions
Second, your adaptability and adaptability are also very strong
Love and hate
Don't give up until you succeed
These characteristics are generally good and bad
But it has nothing to do with customer service.
Trust me, you will have a great career in the future.
Someone will love you too
Really? Really? Do you believe me?
Of course I believe you.
So I'm not cheating on my man anymore